2208 Disabling webhooks after consecutive failures (#2361)
freelawproject/courtlistener: cl/api/templates/emails/failing_webhook.txt

{% if first_name %}
Hello {{ first_name }},
{% else %}
Hello,
{% endif %}

> {% if disabled %}
> One of your webhook events has reached the max number of retries (7), and we couldn't deliver it successfully.
> So we've disabled the related Webhook to this event. Find more details below:
> {% else %}
> We couldn't deliver one or more Webhook events that belong to the following Webhook:
> {% endif %}
> 
> Webhook Type: {{ webhook.get_event_type_display }}
> Webhook Endpoint: {{ webhook.url }}
> 
> {% if disabled %}
> Use this information to solve the problem. Then you can re-enable it within your Webhooks panel.
> https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'view_webhooks' %}
> {% else %}
> We'll continue trying to deliver failing webhook events a few more times. When a webhook event reaches 7 retries we'll disable this Webhook.
> {% endif %}

Reviewer: I think this is a bit better (more friendly, more details). Can you upgrade the HTML one too please? 

```suggestion
{% if disabled %}
After seven failed retries over the last two days, one of your webhooks has been disabled and will no longer receive events. 
{% else %}
We couldn't deliver events to one one of your webhooks. If this problem persists for approximately 48 hours, this webhook will be disabled until it is fixed on your server. 
{% endif %}

Please find more details below:

Webhook Type: {{ webhook.get_event_type_display }}
Webhook Endpoint: {{ webhook.url }}

{% if disabled %}
To re-enable this webhook, review your logs in the webhook settings to see the responses we are getting from your server. Once your server is fixed, you can re-enable the webhook in your settings:
https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'view_webhooks' %}
{% else %}
We'll continue trying to deliver events to this webhook up to seven times before disabling further events.
{% endif %}

Thank you for looking into this. 

If you need further assistance, please contact support: 
https://www.courtlistener.com{% url "contact" %}

Sincerely, 

The FLP Bots
```

Author: Great, I've updated the HTML too.

{% if first_name %}
Hello {{ first_name }},
{% else %}
Hello,
{% endif %}

{% if disabled %}
After seven failed retries over the last two days, one of your webhooks has been disabled and will no longer receive events.
{% else %}
We couldn't deliver events to one of your webhooks. If this problem persists for approximately 48 hours, this webhook will be disabled until it is fixed on your server.
{% endif %}

Please find more details below:
Webhook Type: {{ webhook.get_event_type_display }}
Webhook Endpoint: {{ webhook.url }}

{% if disabled %}
To re-enable this webhook, review your logs in the webhook settings to see the responses we are getting from your server. Once your server is fixed, you can re-enable the webhook in your settings:
https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'view_webhooks' %}
{% else %}
We'll continue trying to deliver events to this webhook up to seven times before disabling further events.
{% endif %}

> Thank you for looking into this.
> If you need further assistance, please contact support:
> https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'contact' %}
> Sincerely,
> The FLP Bots

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for looking into this.

If you need further assistance, please contact support:
https://www.courtlistener.com{% url 'contact' %}

Sincerely,

The FLP Bots
```
